Now we know how to create streams,
we're going to shift our focus to building stateful applications with Faust tables.
In the coming section,
you'll learn how to create and manage files tables to
create powerful aggregated streaming data programs.
Creating stateful applications in Faust is
nearly identical programmatically to creating a stream application.
To use a table, we simply declare an app.table instance with a name and a default type.
In this example, I named my table my first table and made the default type a stream.
With this table defined,
I can start using it with my stream operations.
In the example, I added a table and started using it as I would a Python dictionary.
This is no mistake.
The syntax for Faust tables is the same as Python dictionaries.
In this case, I'm using the value as
my key and I'm just keeping a count of how many times the value has appeared.
The source stream and the destination table must share
the same partitioning scheme for table processing to work correctly.
This is referred to as co-partitioning.
For example, if I wanted to aggregate
the purchase stream on total value of purchases per currency,
I would first need to group by the purchase currency.
This would create a co-partition stream for use.
If we were to skip this step,
Faust can't guarantee that workers will receive the appropriate data.
So make sure not to skip this step.